seriko.alignmenttodesktop,free
seriko.use_self_alpha, 1

charset,UTF-8
type,shell
name,Five Rotten Pebbles
craftman,Digi_056
craftmanurl,https://digi-056.tumblr.com/
homeurl,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Digibillcipher/UkagakaTime/main/updates/dg_pebblesflux/

sakura.balloon.offsetx,0
sakura.balloon.offsety,0
kero.balloon.offsetx,0
kero.balloon.offsety,0
sakura.balloon.alignment,none
kero.balloon.alignment,none

//Font
menu.background.font.color.r,84
menu.background.font.color.g,4
menu.background.font.color.b,6

//Menu Color
menu.background.bitmap.filename,menu_background.png
menu.background.alignment,leftbottom+repeat-x
menu.foreground.bitmap.filename,menu_foreground.png
menu.foreground.alignment,leftbottom
menu.sidebar.bitmap.filename,menu_sidebar.png
menu.sidebar.alignment,leftbottom
menu.separator.color.r,84
menu.separator.color.g,4
menu.separator.color.b,6
menu.frame.color.r,84
menu.frame.color.g,4
menu.frame.color.b,6

sakura.menu, hidden

//Color names by Galla The Galla (except for Pebbled)
sakura.bindgroup0.name,Pearl Left Hand,Violet
sakura.bindgroup1.name,Pearl Left Hand,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup2.name,Pearl Left Hand,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup3.name,Pearl Left Hand,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup4.name,Pearl Left Hand,Forest
sakura.bindgroup5.name,Pearl Left Hand,Blue
sakura.bindgroup6.name,Pearl Left Hand,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup7.name,Pearl Left Hand,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup8.name,Pearl Left Hand,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup9.name,Pearl Left Hand,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup10.name,Pearl Left Hand,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup11.name,Pearl Left Hand,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup12.name,Pearl Left Hand,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup13.name,Pearl Left Hand,Coral
sakura.bindgroup14.name,Pearl Left Hand,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup15.name,Pearl Left Hand,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup16.name,Pearl Left Hand,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup17.name,Pearl Left Hand,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup18.name,Pearl Left Hand,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup19.name,Pearl Left Hand,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup20.name,Pearl Left Hand,Red
sakura.bindgroup21.name,Pearl Left Hand,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup22.name,Pearl Left Hand,Pink
sakura.bindgroup23.name,Pearl Left Hand,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup24.name,Pearl Left Hand,Wine
sakura.bindgroup25.name,Pearl Left Hand,Purple
sakura.bindgroup26.name,Pearl Left Hand,Robin
sakura.bindgroup27.name,Pearl Left Hand,Green
sakura.bindgroup28.name,Pearl Left Hand,Sour
sakura.bindgroup29.name,Pearl Left Hand,Faded
sakura.bindgroup30.name,Pearl Left Hand,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup31.name,Pearl Left Hand,Orange
sakura.bindgroup32.name,Pearl Left Hand,Silver
sakura.bindgroup33.name,Pearl Left Hand,White
sakura.bindgroup34.name,Pearl Left Hand,Dream
sakura.bindgroup35.name,Pearl Left Hand,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption0.group,Pearl Left Hand,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup8.default,1

sakura.bindgroup40.name,Pearl Right Hand,Violet
sakura.bindgroup41.name,Pearl Right Hand,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup42.name,Pearl Right Hand,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup43.name,Pearl Right Hand,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup44.name,Pearl Right Hand,Forest
sakura.bindgroup45.name,Pearl Right Hand,Blue
sakura.bindgroup46.name,Pearl Right Hand,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup47.name,Pearl Right Hand,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup48.name,Pearl Right Hand,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup49.name,Pearl Right Hand,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup50.name,Pearl Right Hand,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup51.name,Pearl Right Hand,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup52.name,Pearl Right Hand,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup53.name,Pearl Right Hand,Coral
sakura.bindgroup54.name,Pearl Right Hand,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup55.name,Pearl Right Hand,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup56.name,Pearl Right Hand,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup57.name,Pearl Right Hand,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup58.name,Pearl Right Hand,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup59.name,Pearl Right Hand,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup60.name,Pearl Right Hand,Red
sakura.bindgroup61.name,Pearl Right Hand,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup62.name,Pearl Right Hand,Pink
sakura.bindgroup63.name,Pearl Right Hand,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup64.name,Pearl Right Hand,Wine
sakura.bindgroup65.name,Pearl Right Hand,Purple
sakura.bindgroup66.name,Pearl Right Hand,Robin
sakura.bindgroup67.name,Pearl Right Hand,Green
sakura.bindgroup68.name,Pearl Right Hand,Sour
sakura.bindgroup69.name,Pearl Right Hand,Faded
sakura.bindgroup70.name,Pearl Right Hand,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup71.name,Pearl Right Hand,Orange
sakura.bindgroup72.name,Pearl Right Hand,Silver
sakura.bindgroup73.name,Pearl Right Hand,White
sakura.bindgroup74.name,Pearl Right Hand,Dream
sakura.bindgroup75.name,Pearl Right Hand,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption1.group,Pearl Right Hand,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup74.default,1

sakura.bindgroup80.name,Pearl Top Right,Violet
sakura.bindgroup81.name,Pearl Top Right,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup82.name,Pearl Top Right,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup83.name,Pearl Top Right,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup84.name,Pearl Top Right,Forest
sakura.bindgroup85.name,Pearl Top Right,Blue
sakura.bindgroup86.name,Pearl Top Right,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup87.name,Pearl Top Right,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup88.name,Pearl Top Right,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup89.name,Pearl Top Right,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup90.name,Pearl Top Right,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup91.name,Pearl Top Right,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup92.name,Pearl Top Right,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup93.name,Pearl Top Right,Coral
sakura.bindgroup94.name,Pearl Top Right,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup95.name,Pearl Top Right,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup96.name,Pearl Top Right,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup97.name,Pearl Top Right,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup98.name,Pearl Top Right,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup99.name,Pearl Top Right,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup100.name,Pearl Top Right,Red
sakura.bindgroup101.name,Pearl Top Right,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup102.name,Pearl Top Right,Pink
sakura.bindgroup103.name,Pearl Top Right,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup104.name,Pearl Top Right,Wine
sakura.bindgroup105.name,Pearl Top Right,Purple
sakura.bindgroup106.name,Pearl Top Right,Robin
sakura.bindgroup107.name,Pearl Top Right,Green
sakura.bindgroup108.name,Pearl Top Right,Sour
sakura.bindgroup109.name,Pearl Top Right,Faded
sakura.bindgroup110.name,Pearl Top Right,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup111.name,Pearl Top Right,Orange
sakura.bindgroup112.name,Pearl Top Right,Silver
sakura.bindgroup113.name,Pearl Top Right,White
sakura.bindgroup114.name,Pearl Top Right,Dream
sakura.bindgroup115.name,Pearl Top Right,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption2.group,Pearl Top Right,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup109.default,1

sakura.bindgroup120.name,Pearl Top Left,Violet
sakura.bindgroup121.name,Pearl Top Left,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup122.name,Pearl Top Left,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup123.name,Pearl Top Left,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup124.name,Pearl Top Left,Forest
sakura.bindgroup125.name,Pearl Top Left,Blue
sakura.bindgroup126.name,Pearl Top Left,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup127.name,Pearl Top Left,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup128.name,Pearl Top Left,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup129.name,Pearl Top Left,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup130.name,Pearl Top Left,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup131.name,Pearl Top Left,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup132.name,Pearl Top Left,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup133.name,Pearl Top Left,Coral
sakura.bindgroup134.name,Pearl Top Left,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup135.name,Pearl Top Left,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup136.name,Pearl Top Left,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup137.name,Pearl Top Left,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup138.name,Pearl Top Left,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup139.name,Pearl Top Left,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup140.name,Pearl Top Left,Red
sakura.bindgroup141.name,Pearl Top Left,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup142.name,Pearl Top Left,Pink
sakura.bindgroup143.name,Pearl Top Left,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup144.name,Pearl Top Left,Wine
sakura.bindgroup145.name,Pearl Top Left,Purple
sakura.bindgroup146.name,Pearl Top Left,Robin
sakura.bindgroup147.name,Pearl Top Left,Green
sakura.bindgroup148.name,Pearl Top Left,Sour
sakura.bindgroup149.name,Pearl Top Left,Faded
sakura.bindgroup150.name,Pearl Top Left,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup151.name,Pearl Top Left,Orange
sakura.bindgroup152.name,Pearl Top Left,Silver
sakura.bindgroup153.name,Pearl Top Left,White
sakura.bindgroup154.name,Pearl Top Left,Dream
sakura.bindgroup155.name,Pearl Top Left,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption3.group,Pearl Top Left,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup153.default,1

sakura.bindgroup160.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Violet
sakura.bindgroup161.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup162.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup163.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup164.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Forest
sakura.bindgroup165.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Blue
sakura.bindgroup166.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup167.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup168.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup169.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup170.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup171.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup172.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup173.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Coral
sakura.bindgroup174.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup175.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup176.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup177.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup178.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup179.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup180.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Red
sakura.bindgroup181.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup182.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Pink
sakura.bindgroup183.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup184.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Wine
sakura.bindgroup185.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Purple
sakura.bindgroup186.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Robin
sakura.bindgroup187.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Green
sakura.bindgroup188.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Sour
sakura.bindgroup189.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Faded
sakura.bindgroup190.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup191.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Orange
sakura.bindgroup192.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Silver
sakura.bindgroup193.name,Pearl Bottom Left,White
sakura.bindgroup194.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Dream
sakura.bindgroup195.name,Pearl Bottom Left,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption4.group,Pearl Bottom Left,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup167.default,1

sakura.bindgroup200.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Violet
sakura.bindgroup201.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup202.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup203.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup204.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Forest
sakura.bindgroup205.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Blue
sakura.bindgroup206.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup207.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup208.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup209.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup210.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup211.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup212.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup213.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Coral
sakura.bindgroup214.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup215.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup216.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup217.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup218.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup219.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup220.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Red
sakura.bindgroup221.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup222.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Pink
sakura.bindgroup223.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup224.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Wine
sakura.bindgroup225.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Purple
sakura.bindgroup226.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Robin
sakura.bindgroup227.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Green
sakura.bindgroup228.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Sour
sakura.bindgroup229.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Faded
sakura.bindgroup230.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup231.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Orange
sakura.bindgroup232.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Silver
sakura.bindgroup233.name,Pearl Bottom Right,White
sakura.bindgroup234.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Dream
sakura.bindgroup235.name,Pearl Bottom Right,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption5.group,Pearl Bottom Right,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup232.default,1

sakura.bindgroup240.name,Halo Left Hand,Violet
sakura.bindgroup241.name,Halo Left Hand,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup242.name,Halo Left Hand,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup243.name,Halo Left Hand,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup244.name,Halo Left Hand,Forest
sakura.bindgroup245.name,Halo Left Hand,Blue
sakura.bindgroup246.name,Halo Left Hand,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup247.name,Halo Left Hand,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup248.name,Halo Left Hand,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup249.name,Halo Left Hand,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup250.name,Halo Left Hand,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup251.name,Halo Left Hand,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup252.name,Halo Left Hand,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup253.name,Halo Left Hand,Coral
sakura.bindgroup254.name,Halo Left Hand,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup255.name,Halo Left Hand,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup256.name,Halo Left Hand,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup257.name,Halo Left Hand,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup258.name,Halo Left Hand,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup259.name,Halo Left Hand,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup260.name,Halo Left Hand,Red
sakura.bindgroup261.name,Halo Left Hand,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup262.name,Halo Left Hand,Pink
sakura.bindgroup263.name,Halo Left Hand,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup264.name,Halo Left Hand,Wine
sakura.bindgroup265.name,Halo Left Hand,Purple
sakura.bindgroup266.name,Halo Left Hand,Robin
sakura.bindgroup267.name,Halo Left Hand,Green
sakura.bindgroup268.name,Halo Left Hand,Sour
sakura.bindgroup269.name,Halo Left Hand,Faded
sakura.bindgroup270.name,Halo Left Hand,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup271.name,Halo Left Hand,Orange
sakura.bindgroup272.name,Halo Left Hand,Silver
sakura.bindgroup273.name,Halo Left Hand,White
sakura.bindgroup274.name,Halo Left Hand,Dream
sakura.bindgroup275.name,Halo Left Hand,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption6.group,Halo Left Hand,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup248.default,1

sakura.bindgroup280.name,Halo Right Hand,Violet
sakura.bindgroup281.name,Halo Right Hand,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup282.name,Halo Right Hand,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup283.name,Halo Right Hand,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup284.name,Halo Right Hand,Forest
sakura.bindgroup285.name,Halo Right Hand,Blue
sakura.bindgroup286.name,Halo Right Hand,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup287.name,Halo Right Hand,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup288.name,Halo Right Hand,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup289.name,Halo Right Hand,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup290.name,Halo Right Hand,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup291.name,Halo Right Hand,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup292.name,Halo Right Hand,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup293.name,Halo Right Hand,Coral
sakura.bindgroup294.name,Halo Right Hand,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup295.name,Halo Right Hand,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup296.name,Halo Right Hand,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup297.name,Halo Right Hand,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup298.name,Halo Right Hand,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup299.name,Halo Right Hand,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup300.name,Halo Right Hand,Red
sakura.bindgroup301.name,Halo Right Hand,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup302.name,Halo Right Hand,Pink
sakura.bindgroup303.name,Halo Right Hand,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup304.name,Halo Right Hand,Wine
sakura.bindgroup305.name,Halo Right Hand,Purple
sakura.bindgroup306.name,Halo Right Hand,Robin
sakura.bindgroup307.name,Halo Right Hand,Green
sakura.bindgroup308.name,Halo Right Hand,Sour
sakura.bindgroup309.name,Halo Right Hand,Faded
sakura.bindgroup310.name,Halo Right Hand,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup311.name,Halo Right Hand,Orange
sakura.bindgroup312.name,Halo Right Hand,Silver
sakura.bindgroup313.name,Halo Right Hand,White
sakura.bindgroup314.name,Halo Right Hand,Dream
sakura.bindgroup315.name,Halo Right Hand,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption7.group,Halo Right Hand,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup314.default,1

sakura.bindgroup320.name,Halo Top Right,Violet
sakura.bindgroup321.name,Halo Top Right,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup322.name,Halo Top Right,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup323.name,Halo Top Right,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup324.name,Halo Top Right,Forest
sakura.bindgroup325.name,Halo Top Right,Blue
sakura.bindgroup326.name,Halo Top Right,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup327.name,Halo Top Right,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup328.name,Halo Top Right,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup329.name,Halo Top Right,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup330.name,Halo Top Right,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup331.name,Halo Top Right,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup332.name,Halo Top Right,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup333.name,Halo Top Right,Coral
sakura.bindgroup334.name,Halo Top Right,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup335.name,Halo Top Right,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup336.name,Halo Top Right,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup337.name,Halo Top Right,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup338.name,Halo Top Right,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup339.name,Halo Top Right,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup340.name,Halo Top Right,Red
sakura.bindgroup341.name,Halo Top Right,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup342.name,Halo Top Right,Pink
sakura.bindgroup343.name,Halo Top Right,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup344.name,Halo Top Right,Wine
sakura.bindgroup345.name,Halo Top Right,Purple
sakura.bindgroup346.name,Halo Top Right,Robin
sakura.bindgroup347.name,Halo Top Right,Green
sakura.bindgroup348.name,Halo Top Right,Sour
sakura.bindgroup349.name,Halo Top Right,Faded
sakura.bindgroup350.name,Halo Top Right,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup351.name,Halo Top Right,Orange
sakura.bindgroup352.name,Halo Top Right,Silver
sakura.bindgroup353.name,Halo Top Right,White
sakura.bindgroup354.name,Halo Top Right,Dream
sakura.bindgroup355.name,Halo Top Right,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption8.group,Halo Top Right,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup349.default,1

sakura.bindgroup360.name,Halo Top Left,Violet
sakura.bindgroup361.name,Halo Top Left,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup362.name,Halo Top Left,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup363.name,Halo Top Left,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup364.name,Halo Top Left,Forest
sakura.bindgroup365.name,Halo Top Left,Blue
sakura.bindgroup366.name,Halo Top Left,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup367.name,Halo Top Left,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup368.name,Halo Top Left,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup369.name,Halo Top Left,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup370.name,Halo Top Left,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup371.name,Halo Top Left,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup372.name,Halo Top Left,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup373.name,Halo Top Left,Coral
sakura.bindgroup374.name,Halo Top Left,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup375.name,Halo Top Left,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup376.name,Halo Top Left,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup377.name,Halo Top Left,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup378.name,Halo Top Left,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup379.name,Halo Top Left,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup380.name,Halo Top Left,Red
sakura.bindgroup381.name,Halo Top Left,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup382.name,Halo Top Left,Pink
sakura.bindgroup383.name,Halo Top Left,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup384.name,Halo Top Left,Wine
sakura.bindgroup385.name,Halo Top Left,Purple
sakura.bindgroup386.name,Halo Top Left,Robin
sakura.bindgroup387.name,Halo Top Left,Green
sakura.bindgroup388.name,Halo Top Left,Sour
sakura.bindgroup389.name,Halo Top Left,Faded
sakura.bindgroup390.name,Halo Top Left,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup391.name,Halo Top Left,Orange
sakura.bindgroup392.name,Halo Top Left,Silver
sakura.bindgroup393.name,Halo Top Left,White
sakura.bindgroup394.name,Halo Top Left,Dream
sakura.bindgroup395.name,Halo Top Left,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption9.group,Halo Top Left,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup393.default,1

sakura.bindgroup400.name,Halo Bottom Left,Violet
sakura.bindgroup401.name,Halo Bottom Left,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup402.name,Halo Bottom Left,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup403.name,Halo Bottom Left,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup404.name,Halo Bottom Left,Forest
sakura.bindgroup405.name,Halo Bottom Left,Blue
sakura.bindgroup406.name,Halo Bottom Left,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup407.name,Halo Bottom Left,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup408.name,Halo Bottom Left,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup409.name,Halo Bottom Left,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup410.name,Halo Bottom Left,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup411.name,Halo Bottom Left,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup412.name,Halo Bottom Left,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup413.name,Halo Bottom Left,Coral
sakura.bindgroup414.name,Halo Bottom Left,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup415.name,Halo Bottom Left,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup416.name,Halo Bottom Left,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup417.name,Halo Bottom Left,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup418.name,Halo Bottom Left,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup419.name,Halo Bottom Left,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup420.name,Halo Bottom Left,Red
sakura.bindgroup421.name,Halo Bottom Left,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup422.name,Halo Bottom Left,Pink
sakura.bindgroup423.name,Halo Bottom Left,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup424.name,Halo Bottom Left,Wine
sakura.bindgroup425.name,Halo Bottom Left,Purple
sakura.bindgroup426.name,Halo Bottom Left,Robin
sakura.bindgroup427.name,Halo Bottom Left,Green
sakura.bindgroup428.name,Halo Bottom Left,Sour
sakura.bindgroup429.name,Halo Bottom Left,Faded
sakura.bindgroup430.name,Halo Bottom Left,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup431.name,Halo Bottom Left,Orange
sakura.bindgroup432.name,Halo Bottom Left,Silver
sakura.bindgroup433.name,Halo Bottom Left,White
sakura.bindgroup434.name,Halo Bottom Left,Dream
sakura.bindgroup435.name,Halo Bottom Left,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption10.group,Halo Bottom Left,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup407.default,1

sakura.bindgroup440.name,Halo Bottom Right,Violet
sakura.bindgroup441.name,Halo Bottom Right,Lemon
sakura.bindgroup442.name,Halo Bottom Right,Tangerine
sakura.bindgroup443.name,Halo Bottom Right,Cyan
sakura.bindgroup444.name,Halo Bottom Right,Forest
sakura.bindgroup445.name,Halo Bottom Right,Blue
sakura.bindgroup446.name,Halo Bottom Right,Lavender
sakura.bindgroup447.name,Halo Bottom Right,Crystal
sakura.bindgroup448.name,Halo Bottom Right,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup449.name,Halo Bottom Right,Seaside
sakura.bindgroup450.name,Halo Bottom Right,Maroon
sakura.bindgroup451.name,Halo Bottom Right,Flamingo
sakura.bindgroup452.name,Halo Bottom Right,Swamp
sakura.bindgroup453.name,Halo Bottom Right,Coral
sakura.bindgroup454.name,Halo Bottom Right,Necromancy
sakura.bindgroup455.name,Halo Bottom Right,Pistachio
sakura.bindgroup456.name,Halo Bottom Right,Midnight
sakura.bindgroup457.name,Halo Bottom Right,Seaglass
sakura.bindgroup458.name,Halo Bottom Right,Magenta
sakura.bindgroup459.name,Halo Bottom Right,Overgrowth
sakura.bindgroup460.name,Halo Bottom Right,Red
sakura.bindgroup461.name,Halo Bottom Right,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup462.name,Halo Bottom Right,Pink
sakura.bindgroup463.name,Halo Bottom Right,Sunglow
sakura.bindgroup464.name,Halo Bottom Right,Wine
sakura.bindgroup465.name,Halo Bottom Right,Purple
sakura.bindgroup466.name,Halo Bottom Right,Robin
sakura.bindgroup467.name,Halo Bottom Right,Green
sakura.bindgroup468.name,Halo Bottom Right,Sour
sakura.bindgroup469.name,Halo Bottom Right,Faded
sakura.bindgroup470.name,Halo Bottom Right,Onyx
sakura.bindgroup471.name,Halo Bottom Right,Orange
sakura.bindgroup472.name,Halo Bottom Right,Silver
sakura.bindgroup473.name,Halo Bottom Right,White
sakura.bindgroup474.name,Halo Bottom Right,Dream
sakura.bindgroup475.name,Halo Bottom Right,Pebbled
sakura.bindoption11.group,Halo Bottom Right,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup472.default,1