seriko.alignmenttodesktop,free
seriko.use_self_alpha, 1

charset,UTF-8
type,shell
name,Sewing Pin
craftman,Digi_056
craftmanurl,https://digi-056.tumblr.com/
homeurl,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Digibillcipher/UkagakaTime/main/updates/dg_sewingpin/

sakura.balloon.offsetx,0
sakura.balloon.offsety,0
kero.balloon.offsetx,0
kero.balloon.offsety,0
sakura.balloon.alignment,none
kero.balloon.alignment,none

menu.foreground.font.color.r,255
menu.foreground.font.color.g,255
menu.foreground.font.color.b,255

menu.disable.font.color.r,170
menu.disable.font.color.g,170
menu.disable.font.color.b,170

menu.separator.color.r,150
menu.separator.color.g,150
menu.separator.color.b,150

menu.foreground.alignment,lefttop + repeatx + repeaty
menu.background.alignment,lefttop + repeatx + repeaty

menu.background.font.color.r,255
menu.background.font.color.g,255
menu.background.font.color.b,255

menu.background.bitmap.filename,menu_background.png
menu.foreground.bitmap.filename,menu_foreground.png
menu.sidebar.bitmap.filename,menu_sidebar.png

sakura.menu, auto

sakura.bindgroup0.name,Shell,T-Pin
sakura.bindgroup0.default,0
sakura.bindgroup1.name,Shell,Flower
sakura.bindgroup1.default,0
sakura.bindgroup2.name,Shell,Pearl
sakura.bindgroup2.default,1

sakura.bindgroup50.name,Shell,Anti-Nail
sakura.bindgroup50.default,0

sakura.bindoption0.group,Shell,mustselect

sakura.bindgroup3.name,Pearl Color,Turquoise
sakura.bindgroup3.default,1
sakura.bindgroup4.name,Pearl Color,Lime Green
sakura.bindgroup4.default,0
sakura.bindgroup5.name,Pearl Color,Black
sakura.bindgroup5.default,0
sakura.bindgroup6.name,Pearl Color,White
sakura.bindgroup6.default,0
sakura.bindgroup7.name,Pearl Color,Blue
sakura.bindgroup7.default,0
sakura.bindgroup8.name,Pearl Color,Green
sakura.bindgroup8.default,0
sakura.bindgroup9.name,Pearl Color,Salmon
sakura.bindgroup9.default,0
sakura.bindgroup11.name,Pearl Color,Pink
sakura.bindgroup11.default,0
sakura.bindgroup12.name,Pearl Color,Periwinkle
sakura.bindgroup12.default,0
sakura.bindgroup13.name,Pearl Color,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup13.default,0
sakura.bindgroup14.name,Pearl Color,Ruby
sakura.bindgroup14.default,0

sakura.bindoption2.group,Pearl Color,mustselect

sakura.bindgroup30.name,Flower Color,Blue
sakura.bindgroup30.default,1
sakura.bindgroup31.name,Flower Color,Baby Blue
sakura.bindgroup31.default,0
sakura.bindgroup32.name,Flower Color,Purple
sakura.bindgroup32.default,0
sakura.bindgroup33.name,Flower Color,Orange
sakura.bindgroup33.default,0
sakura.bindgroup34.name,Flower Color,White
sakura.bindgroup34.default,0
sakura.bindgroup35.name,Flower Color,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup35.default,0
sakura.bindgroup36.name,Flower Color,Green
sakura.bindgroup36.default,0
sakura.bindgroup37.name,Flower Color,Teal
sakura.bindgroup37.default,0
sakura.bindgroup38.name,Flower Color,Red
sakura.bindgroup38.default,0
sakura.bindgroup39.name,Flower Color,Pink
sakura.bindgroup39.default,0

sakura.bindoption3.group,Flower Color,mustselect